Give explicit instruction for getting started with Development (#4942)
openservicemesh/osm: docs/development_guide/README.md

Also the project requires Docker. See how to [install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/).

## Getting started

This will give you the basic commands to get started with development.  The rest of this file goes into depth on the make commands, linting, and testing.  It also goes over how to customize the deployment through the `.env` file to deploy optional components or deploy to different environments. 

```bash
# use default setup
cp .env.example .env
source .env

# create a local kind cluster
make kind-up

# build osm controller components and cli (includes changes to helm chart)
make build-osm-all

# deploy osm

> ./bin/osm install --set=osm.image.registry="$CTR_REGISTRY" --set=osm.image.pullPolicy=Always --verbose 

Reviewer: Should we add "CTR_TAG" here as well, in the case users want to test a version other than latest-main?

Author: I don't think its necessary for basic command due to the defuaults but its a good idea to add a note here that you could set TAG or fields as needed using CRT_TAG as an example.  Wdyt?

Reviewer: I think that makes sense

Author: added

Also the project requires Docker. See how to [install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/).

> ## Getting started

Reviewer 2: What if this section came after the Code Formatting section? The instructions for setting up the env file and the review of the makefile would then come before using all of the commands/steps together. The section could be called "Putting it all together" or "Get deploying your OSM changes" (the section could event fall in the testing section). Just a thought!

Author: definitely a could have a better name here :-).  

I personally like to get right in when I am contributing a new repo but if I added a TOC at the top that would make it easy to find and jump to

Author: updated!

This will give you the basic commands to get started with development.  The rest of this file goes into depth on the make commands, linting, and testing.  It also goes over how to customize the deployment through the `.env` file to deploy optional components or deploy to different environments. 

```bash
# use default setup
cp .env.example .env
source .env

# create a local kind cluster
make kind-up

> # build osm controller components and cli (includes changes to helm chart)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# build osm control plane components and cli (includes changes to helm chart)
```

make build-osm-all

# deploy osm
./bin/osm install --set=osm.image.registry="$CTR_REGISTRY" --set=osm.image.pullPolicy=Always --verbose 
```

> > **note**: you can all pass any of the osm flags such as --set=osm.image.registry="$CTR_TAG" if you need to customize the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **note**: you can set any of the OSM chart parameters in [values.yaml](/charts/osm/values.yaml) such as osm.image.registry on OSM install using `--set` if you need to customize the 
```

Additionally, if using `demo/` scripts to deploy OSM's provided demo on your own K8s cluster, the same container registry configured in `.env` will be used to pull OSM images on your K8s cluster.

```console
# K8S_NAMESPACE is the Namespace the control plane will be installed into

> export K8S_NAMESPACE=osm-system

Author: the rest of the doc didn't have the `$`'s in the code snippets. imo it's easier to copy these to console if they are there

```bash
# use default setup
cp .env.example .env
source .env

# create a local kind cluster
make kind-up

# build osm control plane components and cli (includes changes to helm chart)
make build-osm-all

# deploy osm
./bin/osm install --set=osm.image.registry="$CTR_REGISTRY" --set=osm.image.pullPolicy=Always --set=osm.controllerLogLevel=trace --verbose 
```

> **note**: you can set any of the OSM chart parameters in [values.yaml](/charts/osm/values.yaml) such as osm.image.registry on OSM install using `--set`. For example, if you need to customize the deployment tags you can use `--set=osm.image.registry="$CTR_TAG"`

### Making changes to OSM 
Make required changes to the OSM controller and deploy them.  You could do this for any server component, see more on the [Makefile](#makefile) for how to build individual containers.

```bash
# only builds controller (see below for all build commands)
make docker-build-osm-controller
kubectl rollout restart deployment osm-controller  
```

If you made changes to OSM cli or helm chart you might want to refresh your deployment:

```bash
# clean up and rebuild everything
bin/osm uninstall mesh -f --mesh-name "$MESH_NAME" --delete-namespace -a

> make build-osm-all

Reviewer 3: nit: include `--delete-cluster-wide-resources` to clean up everything as the comment suggests

Author: I think `-a` does this:

```
osm uninstall -h

Flags:
      --ca-bundle-secret-name string    Name of the secret for the OSM CA bundle (default "osm-ca-bundle")
  -a, --delete-cluster-wide-resources   Cluster wide resources (such as osm CRDs, mutating webhook configurations, validating webhook configurations and osm secrets) are fully deleted from the cluster after control plane components are deleted.

```

Reviewer 3: Should probably just drop `-a` in favor of `--all` in the CLI.
